# Signature_Work_Portfolio_CISC480

The project in this folder is my final project for the Data Visualization course I took my final semester of college, and utilizes a web framework called Hugo to represent a fictional data journalism publication called Midpoint, for which I also designed the logos and utilized a pre-existing site theme.

The graphs themselves were generated by me in RStudio using a dataset provided by the Internet Movie Database, or IMDB. I went through a large number of revisions and tweaks, trying to utilize best practices and my own preferences for readability, visual appeal, and sizing (among other attributes). The project took a lot more time than I had anticipated, though mostly due to me spending a very long time debugging the graphs. I also wrote a bit of lore surrounding Midpoint being based out of Iowa and being commonly viewed as "Vox but worse" colloquially, but that was more on accident and isn't relevant to the project overall. 

Despite the intentional feel of happy-go-lucky pop-culture data journalism that doesn't really say much, I feel the merits of my graphing skills, the layout of the site, and the brand identity I created and designed myself are still worthy to be shown off on their own merit. 

The files included are a standalone export of the website
(if the CSS doesn't load, try going to "Inspect Element" and then to the Console tab and there's a chance that will make it load for some reason), a PDF capture of the site (due to the instability of the exported HTML and resource folder), and the exported code document from which all of the graphs are generated. 
The dataset can be found here:
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/ashirwadsangwan/imdb-dataset
(I have not included it here as it is multiple GB in size).